# User Test 2* When asked what is the site about? The user was able to explain easily that the site was to sign up for emergency alert notifications and even articulate what those alerts might include. * While the user easily understood this, they did not readily try to explore the site or read beyond the first screen. In fact they were fixated on the map with dot’s in the background. They were trying to figure out what the dots meant and how it impacted them. The user even tried to suggest he knew what the dot’s might be indicating based on size and color. While this was the only user to fixate on the map background, it may suggest that some users when confronted with a map with some data points, desperately want to know what it means. If the map is never intending to be live with actual data, it might be best to remove it or replace it with a different map.When asked what are they supposed to do? The user stated they would sign up to receive alerts, suggesting that the introductory text adequately informs the user as to what the site was about.## Sign upWhen signing up the user said it was super simple and gave it a 10 rating for it’s ease. Said it was a "no brainer". They liked that the site did not ask for information that was not relevant. ## My AccountSimilar to the previous tester, the forms were not populated with the information the user filled out previously. The user was confused as to what happened with the information. They adequately explained what they expected to happen should the page be working correctly. When asked about changing their SMS or Email preferences, the user was able to explain that they expected to be able to turn off/on notifications with the checkboxes, or change the form values if they wanted to. The user continued to explain that they could also change their location and password from the same screen.The user was surprised not to see a confirm password field. To him it was expected, and suggested that it is important to have in case the users "caps lock" was on.## LoginWhile the user was testing, they exposed a coding flaw that showed two login  buttons. The user clicked the first button and nothing happened, the second button worked, but the user did not even seem to notice. I suspect the user knows that the solution is not real and is willing to forgive it’s issues. What else is the user forgiving that we should know about. ## Trust *(Audio not captured)*When asked about the trustworthiness of the site, they replied that they felt it was trustworthy. However, they never scrolled past the map to read about who provided the site, or who would send alerts. I believe this is a false sense of security because they are face to face with someone they are trusting so they are not stopping to ask questions and focused more on the tasks. Independent testing might be necessary. Usertesting.com might provide some more insight into this area.