# User Test 1* When asked what is the site about? Test user was able to explain that it was for emergency alerts and voluntarily explained that he expected to fill out some forms with basic information to create his account. * User did not scroll down page the page to read support text, suggesting user is familiar with such concepts or knew to much before coming into the test.* When asked what are they supposed to do? User said they should sign up for notifications and expected to fill out a form with basic information like address, and phone number.* During the registration process the user filled out the form very quickly and did not give pause to any form field. I expected the user to stop on the carrier field, but user did not have any issues. When asked specifically if they had filled out similar forms they said not with phone but with sports apps that asked for information such as cable provider. * Overall the user rated the registration process a 10 for not asking too many questions and only asking what is sufficient. * User only attempted to register with phone. Later when user was asked to cancel their SMS subscription, they said they would simply reply with the words STOP to the SMS message. User made no attempt to login to the website to manage preferences. ## My Account* The test revealed a glaring mistake on the part of the prototype. The forms were not populated with the information they filled out previously. The user was confused and thought they needed to login or did not know why they had to fill out the form again. The page should be corrected to use semi believable data. May choose to create a sheet with sample data to put into the form. May help with believability.* When asked about changing their SMS or Email preferences, the user was able to explain what they expected. This might suggest that while the screen was flawed, it still meet the users expectation. * When tasked with changing their password, the user struggled a little with the “my account” page. Again, the incomplete form suggested that they needed to log in again to make a change. At first the user attempted to change his email, suggesting that he actually forgot what he was doing or was distracted by the broken form. He eventually found the password field, but only after explaining that he expected to go to a different page dedicated to changing passwords. It’s possible the user is used to seeing that particular UI pattern and has come to expect it. It may be worth testing a dedicated change password or account type page as the landing page might be better suited for a map or a list of current alerts.