# User Test 3When asked what is the site about? The user explained it was for emergency alerts. User noted it was very informative. Felt they had a good understanding of what the page was about compared to other sites.  User immediately gravitated to menu and in particular the “Current Alerts” tab. They expected that the current alerts would somehow be tied to their phone’s “ping” (Assume they mean GPS location). This may suggest that the page ultimately may need some form of filter by zip code or otherwise. If the user was logged in, there may be an opportunity to use the profile data to automatically apply the filter making it more relevant to them.  When asked what are they supposed to do? The user stated they would sign up if they were new, or login if they were returning. Alternativly she could view current alerts.
During the test the user exposed a few flaws with the prototype. 1) The menu on secondary pages was inconsistant resulting in a non functioning "About "link. 2) Because there is no application the cliking the login link on the form took them to the account page without having to sign up. The result was user confusion and I was forced to step in and explain that the wireframe was just a prototype and the real application would be different.
User suggested that login button should be in the middle of the banner as finding the login button as a new user can br frustrating. I feel the response is an anomoly and not reflective of the application. The login button is in the upper right corner of the menu. It's also not a common pattern to have a login button in the main banner area. What is important to take away, is that the login button could possibly be more prominent.## Sign UpWhen signing up, user had no problem completing the form, but paused at the point of adding the password and asked. What is my username going to be? I returned the question and asked what they thought? The response was: “I expect it would be either my phone number or my email address…” While the user was right in their assumption, it may demonstrate that users are conditioned to think of registration forms as including a username and password. In our mockup, we wanted to remove as much friction for users that would be more sensitive to filling out forms with information they felt was not needed. It may be worth testing optional form designs with traditional form fields.In this case the user assumed correctly, but it may be worth another look to see if the input form could be made more informative.## My AccountUpon entering my account, the user mentioned that they should be able to check/uncheck the boxes for Email/SMS if they no longer wanted to receive that notification. Interestingly, the user was expecting the my account page to default to a list of alerts for that user based on their location. I think this is a great idea. It might not make it into v1 prototype, but it makes a lot of sense. On a related note, the user expected similar outcomes on the “Current Alerts” page. Ideally, the page would get the browser location first and try to limit the alerts to a location near them.## LoginThe login was easily understood, but the user indicated that they did not pay attention to the placeholder text of “Email or Phone” The assumption is that the email would be the equivalent of the username. What’s interesting is that they did not recall their own question about login just moments earlier. This may suggest that the user is conditioned to think of logins as a username/password or email/password combo. 
User suggested switching order of phone/email and that might make sense, but needs additional testing to validate. ## Current AlertsThe Current Alerts page seemed to be a point of fixation for the user. Was the results tied to their phone? Could they get it without logging in? How is it figuring out my location? The Current Alerts page as stands, is incomplete and only says “This page is not developed yet.” Yet the user seemed oddly fixated on it. Not sure how to process this info, and it might be worth testing more with a low fidelity jpeg representation.## TrustWhen asked about the trustworthiness of the site and it’s content, the user was quick to say the site looked “Legit” but felt they would go to google to research it prior to submitting information on the site. They indicated that logos for CalOES would help, or if the site had a seal of some sort it would be more trustworthy. They also indicated that if the site was linked in facebook or social media, they would not submit info without doing some research first.  